Changelog 128 (#90)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2020-08-10-changelog-128.markdown

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5660 -->
    * Suggest only struct fields while completion in struct patterns (by [@Kobzol])

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5825 -->
    * Completion for `..` syntax in struct patterns (by [@Kobzol])

* Type inference improvements:    
    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5808 -->
    * Infer types for [`associated_type_bounds`](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/blob/master/text/2289-associated-type-bounds.md) rustc nightly feature
    
    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5733 -->
    * Infer type for types implementing the `Try` trait when using question mark operator (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5798 -->
* Add `Main function not found in crate` ([E0601](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0601)) inspection for build scripts

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5747 -->
* Fold external (non-project related) parts of backtraces (by [@Kobzol])

## Performance Improvements

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5790 -->

> * Avoid resolve in `RsVisible.isPublic` for restricted visibility

Reviewer: ```suggstion
* Avoid name resolution while checking if an item is public or not. It should slightly improve performance of plugin analysis
```

What do you think?

Author: I like it, probably except `plugin analysis`: maybe `code insight`?

Reviewer: It's ok for me as well

    
    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5796 -->
    * Fix name resolution of `$crate` expanded from transitive dependencies
    
    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5855 -->
    * Don't skip doc comments provided via macro definition
    
    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5777 -->
    * Fix groups substitution in macro expansion

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5857 -->
* Find and replace occurrences located outside a function in `Introduce constant/variable` refactoring (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5856 -->
* Properly check spelling in lifetimes. Now `'static` is not reported as a typo

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5853 -->
* Fix name resolution of private reexport with `crate::` path

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5849 -->
* Include `RUSTC` in environment when executing Cargo (by [@tamird])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5842 -->
* Don't show parameter hints for single-parameter closures.

> This hint can be returned back by enabling `Show only smart hints` in `Preferences | Editor | Inlay Hints | Rust | Parameter hints`

Reviewer: "by disabling" I suppose

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5838 -->
* Fix stdlib source paths on nightly. This fixes `Cargo project update failed` error.

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5822 -->

> * Don't provide color highlighting in batch mode. It prevents empty items in `Inspection Result` tool window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don't provide color highlighting while batch code inspection via `Analyze | Inspect Code` action and similar ones. It prevents empty items in `Inspection Result` tool window
```

I suppose `batch mode` isn't clear for users

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5820 -->
* Suppress `snake_case` naming lint for `#[no_mangle]` functions (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5819 -->
* Add `unsafe` modifier to functions [extracted](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/extract-method.html) from unsafe functions (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5801 -->
* Fix navigation to derive items in 2020.2

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5661 -->
* Prefer trait methods before private inherent methods in completion (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5799 -->

> * Use correct language name for Toml color settings configurable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use correct language name for TOML color settings configurable
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5789 -->

> * Render inlay hint settings properly using standard layout

Reviewer: Let's move these items to the end of fixes list
